# Book.it Scheduler

**Book.it** is a lightweight scheduling app designed for students, clubs, and small teams to simplify and manage your appointment bookings — without the headache

## Features

- Import your recurring unavailabilities during your week (lectures, work, etc.) on your profile
- See recurring unavailability preferences when responding to meeting invites
- Comprehensive dashboard for viewing the status of all your past and upcoming meetings
- Algorithm for finding optimal meeting times based on everyone's responses, maximizing chances of a successful booking
- Accept or Decline RSVPs to let update others on your status

## How to Get Started

### Clone a local copy

```bash
git clone https://github.com/maxgreen01/Book.it-Scheduler.git
cd Book.it-Scheduler
```

### Install dependencies and run project

```bash
npm install
npm start
```

By default, the app should now be live locally on your machine at the address: http://localhost:3000

## The Seed Procedure

If you want a testable demo with preloaded data, we've created a seedfile with several different test logins. First, open a terminal in your project root directory and type:

```bash
npm run seed
```

Now the database will contain some randomly generated data. If you look on any of the accounts, the random users will have commented at random, responded to random meetings at random, and also have their own set of random meetings.

However, there seed does generate a set of test accounts to login and demo these features. The credentials to those accounts are

#### Max (master account)

username: mgreen
password: Testpass1!

#### Brendan

username: Brendan123
password: Testpass1!

#### Alex

username: AlexCheese
password: Testpass1!

#### Praneeth

username: pvanguru
password: Testpass1!

### Here are some tests you can run to demo features:

> #### View Meeting Statuses

- Log in as Max and navigate to the dashboard
- You'll find cancelled and pending meetings still awaiting booking
- You'll also find on the sidebar past and upcoming booked meetings
- Your timeline will also show upcoming meetings in the next week
- Notice the different actions you have based on meeting status and whether or not you are the meeting owner

> #### Test Double Bookings

- Log in as max and navigate to your dashboard
- Notice the "Book.it Dev Meeting" in your booked meetings, and its booked time and date
- If you navigate to the other booked meeting, "The Great Meetup", you'll notice that you have no option to accept, since it's booked for the same time as your other booking
- Notice you can only RSVP an "accept" to one or the other
- See the "Trivia Club" meeting that max owns. If you try and respond to it, you'll note that dary gray cells block you from saying you're availabile during your the time of your double booking, preventing you from causing another double booking.

> #### Share Meetings With Others

- Log in as one user, and navigate to the create meeting page
- Create a meeting with your dates and information.
- Copy the meeting link on the view meeting page for your meeting (if the other user was another person, you'd email it to them here)
- Log out and log back in as a different user, and then click the meeting link generated by the other user and submit a response. You may submit comments or paste a note (which wont be visible to the other users)
- Log out one more time and log back in as the first user, and you'll see the second users response data. Now you can book the meeting if there are multiple participants
- The second user will get an RSVP invite if you log back in as them
